class-01.md, before:

# Class 01

## Chapter 1 - Structure

Structure helps the reader to understand and navigate the document. HTML provides the structure or skeleton of the web page by using semantic tags to 
identify specific elements. There is a hierarchy to reflect the importance of information on the page, like headings and subheadings to introduce the 
content of the page. A subheading targets specifically the information the paragraph talks about. Elements can also include attributes which are included
in the opening part of the tag and include more information regarding the content of a element of the page.

## Extra Markup

Comments, meta information, specifying different versions of HTMl are all examples of using extra markup. There are different versions of HTMl with 
improvements for each version. When you create a new HTML page you are targeting the latest HTML version (HTML5) by including <!Doctype html>. Comments
in HTML are great way to organize your documents code and readability. When another programer reads your code they'll the have a better since of the 
structure on the page. Meta elements are placed in the head of your document that is not seen on the webpage, however holds information about the page. 

## HTML5 Layout

Traditional HTML layouts that make up the body include header, nav, content, article, and footer elements. HTML 5 helps with descibing the structure of
a page without creating countless amount of div elements. You can also use figcaption elements to display quote blocks or aside elements that holds text
on the page that is considered secondary to the main articles. HTML 5 elements provides clearer and organized code and structure for a webpage.

## Process and Design

Understanding your audience is important to the process of designing websites. Identifying and collecting those details will help in creating your wireframe. Wireframes are extremely important when building a website, because it provides the blueprint or plan for the webpage with an organized approach. Design will help you convey your message more clearer to your audience when creating a flow, by grouping similar information together or using key styles and colors. 

## The ABC of programing

JavaScript is essentially a set of instructions that a computer can follow to perform a task. Writing short bit scripts or listing of instructions will 
help the computer understand your directions. You can write instruction by idenfying the desired outcome, breaking the script or instruction into pieces, and creating steps. After breaking down those steps you can code out the steps. learning how to think like a computer and how it sees and processes information will help with creating step by step code instructions. Best practices for writing Javascript is to keep the code in a separate file. The HTML <script> tag element is used in HTML pages that tells the browser to launch javascript. 
  
## Things I want to know more about
 
- Understanding the componets that make up Javascript.

Commit message:

changed question about semantic tags

class-01.md, after:

# Class 01

## Chapter 1 - Structure

Structure helps the reader to understand and navigate the document. HTML provides the structure or skeleton of the web page by using semantic tags to 
identify specific elements. There is a hierarchy to reflect the importance of information on the page, like headings and subheadings to introduce the 
content of the page. A subheading targets specifically the information the paragraph talks about. Elements can also include attributes which are included
in the opening part of the tag and include more information regarding the content of a element of the page.

## Extra Markup

Comments, meta information, specifying different versions of HTMl are all examples of using extra markup. There are different versions of HTMl with 
improvements for each version. When you create a new HTML page you are targeting the latest HTML version (HTML5) by including <!Doctype html>. Comments
in HTML are great way to organize your documents code and readability. When another programer reads your code they'll the have a better since of the 
structure on the page. Meta elements are placed in the head of your document that is not seen on the webpage, however holds information about the page. 

## HTML5 Layout

Traditional HTML layouts that make up the body include header, nav, content, article, and footer elements. HTML 5 helps with descibing the structure of
a page without creating countless amount of div elements. You can also use figcaption elements to display quote blocks or aside elements that holds text
on the page that is considered secondary to the main articles. HTML 5 elements provides clearer and organized code and structure for a webpage.

## Process and Design

Understanding your audience is important to the process of designing websites. Identifying and collecting those details will help in creating your wireframe. Wireframes are extremely important when building a website, because it provides the blueprint or plan for the webpage with an organized approach. Design will help you convey your message more clearer to your audience when creating a flow, by grouping similar information together or using key styles and colors. 

## The ABC of programing

JavaScript is essentially a set of instructions that a computer can follow to perform a task. Writing short bit scripts or listing of instructions will 
help the computer understand your directions. You can write instruction by idenfying the desired outcome, breaking the script or instruction into pieces, and creating steps. After breaking down those steps you can code out the steps. learning how to think like a computer and how it sees and processes information will help with creating step by step code instructions. Best practices for writing Javascript is to keep the code in a separate file. The HTML <script> tag element is used in HTML pages that tells the browser to launch javascript. 
  
## Things I want to know more about
 
- Why is it best practice to use semantic tags verses div tags?
